So now let's talk about AWS CloudTrail.
So CloudTrail is a service that provides governance,
compliance and audit for your AWS accounts.
And whenever you use an account
it's going to be enabled by default
because CloudTrail will get an history of all the API calls
or events that happen within your accounts.
And this is very important because you've
if someone, for example, logs in the console
then whatever they do will be logged in CloudTrail.
If someone uses the SDK, it will be logged in CloudTrail.
If someone does a command with the commanded line interface
it will again be logged
with CloudTrail
as well as any service activity
as well will be logged in CloudTrail.
So that means
that anything that happens will be put in CloudTrail.
And then for you,
for audit and security purposes
you can take the logs of all the history
of events and API calls made within CloudTrail
and send them to two locations,
either CloudWatch Logs or Amazon S3.
Now, when you create a trail in CloudTrail,
you can actually apply it to all the regions
to monitor what's happening in all regions.
And then the trail can go into CloudWatch Logs or Amazon S3
or just trail it down to a single region.
So the example that's queued, hey for example,
a user has deleted something.
How would we know what has been deleted
and who deleted it and when?
Then the answer is going to be CloudTrail.
So anytime there is an API call that needs to be looked up
CloudTrail is going to be the right answer.
So to summarize.
From within the CloudTrail console
we can have information about usage of the SDK,
CLI and console,
as well as any IAM users and IAM roles
and all the API calls they make,
then the CloudTrail consult will display it.
But if you want long term retention of data
what you can do is that you can send them to CloudWatch Logs
or to your S3 bucket for longer term retention.
And from within CloudTrail
you can do any type of inspection and audit.
So that's it for this lecture.
I hope you liked it.
And I will see you in the next lecture.